Fix TKG OVA template upgrade mechanism in CSE (#663)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.24.0/663-bug-fixes.md

> * Fixed an issue that prevented CSE Kubernetes clusters to be upgraded to an OVA with higher Kubernetes version but same TKG version,
>   and to an OVA with a higher patch version of Kubernetes [GH-663] 
> * Fixed an issue that prevented CSE Kubernetes clusters to be upgraded to TKG v2.5.0 with Kubernetes v1.26.11 as it
>   performed an invalid upgrade of CoreDNS [GH-663] 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that prevented CSE Kubernetes clusters from being upgraded to an OVA with higher Kubernetes version but same TKG version,
  and to an OVA with a higher patch version of Kubernetes [GH-663] 
* Fixed an issue that prevented CSE Kubernetes clusters from being upgraded to TKG v2.5.0 with Kubernetes v1.26.11 as it
  performed an invalid upgrade of CoreDNS [GH-663] 
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
